MA-896: Datetimepicker round 2 updates (#800)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/datetimepicker.md

### Single date

> Create a single date selection calendar, passing in a fixed pixel width for the input field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a single date selection calendar, with an example of passing in a fixed pixel width for the input field.
```

/>
```

### Single date, custom width

Same as above, except that the input field has a set pixel width of `300`.

<div>
  <KDateTimePicker
    v-model="currentValue1"
    @change="newVal => emitVal1 = newVal"
    placeholder="Please select a date"
    mode="date"
    width="300"
    :range="false"
  />
  <div class="mt-6">Emitted value: <pre class="json">{{ JSON.stringify(emitVal1) }}</pre></div>
</div>

```html
<KDateTimePicker
  v-model="currentValue"
  @change="newVal => emitVal = newVal"
  placeholder="Please select a date"
  mode="date"
  width="300"
  :range="false"
/>

> ```

Reviewer: TBH I don't know if we need a repetitive example just showing how to customize the width. Instead, maybe just customize the width on the existing example above and add a note?

Author: oh, duh. I don't know why I didn't think of that 🤦

}
```

### icon

> A `Boolean` which controls the display of the calendar icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `Boolean` to show/hide the calendar icon displayed within the display field. 
```
